DBZ-7939 Clarify LogMiner destination name configuration expectations (#5627)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/oracle.adoc

.Procedure
* To specify the archive log destination that you want {prodname} to use, set the xref:oracle-property-log-mining-archive-destination-name[`log.mining.archive.destination.name`] property in the connector configuration. +
 +
For example, suppose that a database is configured with two archive destination paths, `/path/one` and `/path/two`, and that the `V$ARCHIVE_DEST_STATUS` table associates these paths with destination names that are specified in the column `DEST_NAME`.

> If both destinations satisfy the criteria for {prodname} -- that is, their `status` is `VALID` and their `type` is `LOCAL` -- to configure the connector to use the archive logs that the database writes to the `/path/two` path, set the value of `log.mining.archive.destination.name` to the value in the `DEST_NAME` column that is associated with `/path/two` in the `V$ARCHIVE_DEST_STATUS` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both destinations satisfy the criteria for {prodname} -- that is, their `status` is `VALID` and their `type` is `LOCAL` -- to configure the connector to use the archive logs that the database writes to `/path/two`, set the value of `log.mining.archive.destination.name` to the value in the `DEST_NAME` column that is associated with `/path/two` in the `V$ARCHIVE_DEST_STATUS` table.
```

}
----

[NOTE]
====
Do not set `log.mining.archive.destination.name` to the path where the archive logs are written by Oracle.

> Instead, this property should refer to the value in the `DEST_NAME` column in the `V$ARCHIVE_DEST_STATUS` table for the preferred row that satisfies your archive log retention policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the property to the name of the archive log destination in the `DEST_NAME` column for a row in the `V$ARCHIVE_DEST_STATUS` table that satisfies your archive log retention policy.
```
@Naros I'm not sure what the criteria for preferred might be in the original description.  I'm inclined to omit it, as I did in my edit. Is there some guidance that we could offer toward interpreting that qualifier, or is it non-essential?

Author: That seems reasonable to drop it; it reads fine to me without it, too.

> Set the property to the name of the archive log destination in the `DEST_NAME` column for a row in the `V$ARCHIVE_DEST_STATUS` table that satisfies your archive log retention policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the property to the name of an archive log destination in the `DEST_NAME` column for a row in the `V$ARCHIVE_DEST_STATUS` table that satisfies your archive log retention policy.
```
